[Music]
why is your wrist still nude you need to
cover up that skin with a modern
timepiece that looks great
feels great and doesn't starve your
piggy bank and all of that
is ventura watches i told you vincero is
dedicated to the high-end
craft with awesome distinctive designs
and updating colorways
you're always looking fly 11 collections
for men
and seven collections for women each of
them have beautiful designs that you'll
love just looking at
that's how i feel about this cairo's
blue and black it's probably my new
favorite
fits nice feels great and just looks
great too
it's no surprise how these watches have
over 26 thousand
five star reviews and oh wait it's
valentine's day soon
i bet a ventural product would make a
nice gift for that special person
but guess what there is a valentine day
site wide
sale going on until the 14th everything
is 15
off and free shipping on all orders also
as of 2021 there is a five-year warranty
and a 365-day return
policy remember that write it down if
you have to go to venturawatches.com
spooky sale and immediately anything
sidewide is 15
off because of that valentine's day sale
again
go to venturawatches.com spooky sale
to take advantage of that valentine's
day week give you
or someone else something brilliant and
with style and for an affordable price
let's thank vincero watches for
sponsoring today's video
welcome to the breakdown where we break
down all the messed up movies
fritz the cat is apparently the citizen
kane of adult animation
and is definitely a big inspiration for
a lot of adult cartoons around the day
family guy south park and whatever else
directed by ralph bakshi we have a crazy
animated film that talks about the
social climate of the late 60s
having talking animals do drugs have
orgies and start riots in harlem
frista cat all came from the comic strip
authored by robert crum
but he didn't really like the movie at
all now this movie has very stereotyped
characters so i'll let you know in
particular how i feel about certain
things
i'm sure you can find this movie on
youtube too by the way but
let's just get through it if you want to
see what happens including all the
messed up parts
stay tuned for the breakdown
the movie begins with three construction
workers listening to story time from the
pig here
he's talking about breaking your back
raising a modest daughter
only to have her do unmodest things
later on whatever
the real view is seeing this animal
pulling his whole thing out to pee
on those young people who are so full of
themselves down there
the whole conversation was recorded by
mr bakshi
who talked to some random workers and
paid them for their recording
you know i was in class one day and this
one dude said he would piss in the sink
instead of walking all the way down to
the bathroom you know the bathrooms and
the dorms that you have to share
crazy right anyway here's that funky
frista cat thing
[Music]
hey you [ __ ] intellectuals you think
you're so weird
before you fill your minds with any junk
and listen to friends or cats
as writers and artists it's your duty to
live the
[Music]
okay but what if living life to the most
is filling my head with junk you're
chalked
you're chalked by here is fritz and he's
not feeling this
hippie protest he's looking for some
girls to talk to
along with his buddies bunny and pup but
then
they see a girl with a big donkey booty
did y'all think it was cap it's it's all
furry booties out here
fritz tries to impress them with his
whack song but
he's chalked they are more impressed by
this crow right here
dressed suspiciously now the reason they
feeling him so bad is because they think
he's african-american
they say some things people would find
very offensive today
like i had no idea you people were so
civilized
basically they are virtue signalers who
want to seem better than they are
but end up just being as racist as the
people they separate from
the guy says he ain't no n word the hard
n word wasn't expecting that
anyway fritz gets the girls with him by
acting like some
famous rebel adventurer or something and
they follow him throughout the city
fritz he's just trying to get into an
orgy and uses
intellectual mumbo jumbo to get the
ladies up to his party
people are getting very drugged up up
there
what happens next is naked closeness
y'all know what that is right now two
pig cops pull up ready to bust that
party down
wikipedia says that one of them is meant
to be jewish and we'll see why later
it doesn't take too long till all the
homies get high on weed and join in on
the orgy
leaving fritz out of it soon the idiot
cops break in only to hear everybody
getting down and dirty in the toilet
room
hey youtube do you know what this is if
i show you that do you know what that is
i really hope not
fritz kills the john emptying the entire
room
all the way into a synagogue the
conversation between these rabbis
very hilarious because old people always
need glasses
some of this audio is apparently from mr
bakshi's father
and uncle who passed away he's glad to
have them in this movie
well anyway fritz head out here on the
run from the cops as they look at the
droning rabbi
repeating scripture fritz makes his way
out of there as the rabbis celebrate
knowing that israel is getting weapons
from the united states i'm so glad i
didn't name that bunny and pup from
earlier you will never
you don't even see those cats again
turns out fritz is a student but he
doesn't care about studying
you see this pig this was almost me like
all last week and school just started
like wow
fritz is hating on them for getting an
education he values experience over
years of book learning
no more learning he says and the idiot
burns down the whole dorm
on accident we get a musical transition
with skinny legs here
the big ass feet with them twig legs
creep me out a little
now we are in harlem so african american
people are
crows in this movie and i don't really
like that everybody
that's black looks the same a crow
design but
it's all satire to how people at the
time view
black people well that's one way of
looking at it but that doesn't mean i
like it
by the way mr bakshi went to a lot of
harlem bars to write this part of the
movie talking with random patrons
fritz comes out to this bar talking it
up with duke here
deux says all you cats are the same you
can't understand crow problems unless
you live in the shoes of a crow i'm sure
y'all can put two or two together with
that one
fritz says he's ashamed of this racial
crisis he's reminded me of them girls in
the beginning
fritz calls the bartender boy like an
idiot
oh man yeah exactly duke
take this uncultured friend out of here
before he gets himself
killed outside the two see someone left
their car with the keys in
and take themselves for a ride sooner or
later they crash the car in the ocean
fritz and duke meet up with a famous
drug dealer big bertha here
she really likes white cats and gets him
literally smoked out with a raging
libido
a lengthy foreplay scene commences but
big bertha says
he's not black enough she still gave him
some though it doesn't really matter
soon his high wears off he goes
screaming all around harlem telling
everyone to revolt
you have sweat your lives away for the
bosses the bosses
they ride around in limousines
that there's a perfect line that fits
even today
don't stand on nobody's car also what is
timeless is the idiot cops
trying to break up the commotion fritz
starting to sound a little bit like i
don't know
vladimir lenin he gets everybody in the
neighborhood to corner the police but
bullets start firing and a riot starts
then suddenly
duke gets shot damn duke was the best
dude in the movie easily he was the
smartest too i know he stole a car but
whatever his death is also the most
serious part of the movie so far
and it garners emotion about the kind of
thing that black people have to worry
about whenever they see a police officer
nowadays
so rest in peace to duke
fritz got in over his head and [ __ ]
around and got duke
killed he doesn't care he hides out as a
six star level squad of police
shoot through harlem even some black
panthers fight back killing some police
themselves
by six star level i really mean six star
san andreas
they literally bomb harlem with jets the
next day
everything calms down somewhere in new
york
fritz has someone looking for him this
is his official girlfriend named
winston and he's been hiding out after
the events in harlem
she takes him away from new york hours
away to san francisco
his new life winston has her own little
theme song during the travel to san fran
i find it hilarious how to keep dodging
these big ass trucks in a hurry
too sooner or later the car runs out of
gas on the way to san fran
they get help from an idiot dog who
murders his chickens when they don't
shut it up
he does say they gotta wise up i mean
for like do you even look at the gas
meter
when you drive come on now after an
argument
frisk just decides to abandon her there
meanwhile this is harriet and her nazi
boyfriend blue who hates her
as you can guess by cartoon logic fritz
meets up with them and even joins up
with them
they meet up with revolutionary john and
his living partner
they are planning on taking over a whole
city
harriet soon gets into a fight with blue
while fritz is
jerking off of course hey y'all this is
that like that comment
that comment format that y'all love to
do on youtube it's like
blue literally beating her to death with
chains and playing to sexually assault
her
fritz guys that's uncool don't do that
he gets a candle to the face when he
actually does argue
but the three hard are harriet right
then
and there don't want to say the full
thing because youtube youtube needs to
relax
afterwards fritz leaves are there to
participate in this
dumb blow up a power plant plot fritz is
talking to himself about how loving
harriet is
while still arming the dynamite he has a
quick change of heart
but was left to die by the lizard anyway
and so
fritz tries disarming the bomb only to
be caught in the explosion itself
he says far out right when it explodes
and it exploded so hard that we went to
red
dead redemption soon we transitioned to
an
la hospital fritz he's in there but
apparently those three girls from the
beginning came
all the way from new york then some
random nun walks in giving them a way
inside
this nun is actually harriet but soon
this dude fritz wakes up
he says he's been all over this big old
world
seen it all and done it all it was the
same speech he used to get those girls
to follow him in the first place
and just like that they have a huge orgy
all in the room
the end okay so now we got through this
movie
let's talk about the most disturbed
moment in motion joy moment
and that's spooky stuff
i'll be i'll be honest i'm not really a
big fan of this movie but i definitely
do see its importance in
inspiring a lot of adult animation
afterwards
it's definitely a hit or miss with a lot
of people sometimes i see people
defending it with very artistic
arguments
and others they just don't like it
whether it's the animation or the
stereotypes or whatever
the most disturbed moment is when my
homie duke died
right next to that is when harriet was
hard hard but duke's death is very
emotional
and very scary for a lot of people like
me a film scene that came out
literally before my dad was born is
still relevant when it comes to the day
most enjoy moment is probably the
ridiculous amount of orgy and drug users
that did pass the film
i was just chilling on those scenes and
that's what i expected to see
all throughout the movie i wasn't
expecting the racial
stereotypes at all because everybody who
critiqued the movie
wants to talk about drugs and sex who
cares about that
and that's it hope you guys enjoyed the
next animated film because
it's been a while i know we do anime but
animation from america has been a long
way away
here are some animations for your liking
whether it's america
japan or even south korea thanks for
watching this video
and like the video if you enjoyed
subscribe to stay tuned for more
disturbing breakdowns
thanks for watching spooky out